describe your reaction when you learned
magic HIV I was devastated I I didn't
know I didn't understand what it was I
just knew it was going to stop him from
from doing what he loves to do
and so I was I was devastated and I had
no idea what was going on so
um it was it was it was a tough day and
I mean your parents said you were
missing meals for a week yeah it was
almost as if he was part of your family
because of how much you idolized him so
how emotional uh was that for you it was
extremely difficult it was extremely I
mean it's it's like you know you have
your hero and a person that that you
look up to and all of a sudden you know
he's not there anymore you can't watch
him perform anymore it's it's tough